(guards grunting)
It seems a worker in the medical
ward lost his wooden tag.
Hey, so you don't think
this is gonna turn into
some big lock-down, do you?
[Mitsuki] He said the wooden tag
went missing three days ago.
And shortly after that,
Kokuri was attacked
by a man in a prison jumpsuit.
This isn't a coincidence.
I get it. So the guy who
attacked Kokuri could've
been the one who stole
the wooden tag?
(alarm blaring)
(guards chattering)
Lock it all down!
Close off every cell block,
and we'll search them
for the wooden tag!
No prisoner will be allowed
out until it's located!
(alarm blaring)
Aw man, say goodbye to
even the little time
we had left to spend
outside our cell.
Ah, you've gotta be kidding me.
(quivering) Boruto!
Hey! I need to
confirm something.
Sorry, but I'm
gonna need to check
through your belongings now.
[Arai] Huh?
[Kamata] What are
you talking about?
It's simple. Someone in
here has the wooden tag.
[Both] Huh?
(Kokuri gasps)
Yesterday, in the morning,
Kokuri was attacked
in the medical ward
by someone wearing
an inmate's uniform.
Yeah? So what's that
gotta do with us?
Just hold on and
listen until we finish.
Just now, that guard
said a staff member
reported their wooden tag
missing three days ago.
It might be that the
perp who took the tag
is the same person
who attacked Kokuri.
You're saying that the
one who attacked me
is the same guy
who stole the tag?
No way. Is it even possible
to steal a wooden tag?
[Mitsuki] I think it is.
[Both] Huh?
Remember, three days
ago Boruto collapsed,
and medical ward
staff came for him.
It occurred then.
[Arai] Could be
true, but if so...
Back when that happened,
all the cells were
shut, except ours.
All the other prisoners
were in their cells.
In other words,
the person who stole the
tag and attacked Kokuri
is in this cell.
(opening theme music)
(vocalists singing
in Japanese)
(opening theme music)
(intense music)
(gasps) Hey! Don't say
stuff like that, Boruto!
Listen, don't worry.
Calm yourself down.
Leave everything to me and
Mitsuki. We'll handle it.
Yeah, I don't like this.
(both gasping)
It sounds like you're
accusing me of being the perp.
But what reason is
there for suspecting me?
Well, we don't know who's
associated with Tsukiyo, so.
Tsukiyo?
Do you mean the guy who's
in solitary confinement?
That's right.
Tsukiyo of the Mujina Gang
is targeting Kokuri's life.
So you're telling
us that this guy
was more involved with Tsukiyo
than we first believed?
Yes, Tsukiyo's confined,
and since he can't
take direct action,
that might be why
he's targeting Kokuri
through an accomplice.
Hold on a minute, here!
Even if what you're
saying really is true,
why would we be the only
suspects in this cell?
I mean, where's the proof
that you aren't actually
the ones working for Tsukiyo?
No way, Boruto
can't be the perp,
because he came to this
place just to protect me!
He what?
How exactly do you
two know each other?
We're just friends, that's all!
[Kamata] Friends?
That's right!
They're my friends!
And when they found out that
Tsukiyo was targeting me,
they decided to, you
know, come protect me.
I never heard about all that.
That's just because
I never told you.
(sighs) So that's
how it is, huh?
You two guys seriously put
yourselves in that much danger
just to be in the same
cell as your friend?
(scoffs) Hearing it out
of the blue like that
sure makes it hard to believe.
No, I believe that
Boruto's telling the truth.
He already risked his
life for Kokuri's sake.
That's more than enough proof.
(Kamata scoffs)
All right, I believe
you, Boruto! 'Kay?
(Kamata scoffs)
Thank you.
-(cell door thuds)
-(Kokuri yelps)
We're starting the search!
If you're caught
with the wooden tag,
your cellmates will be
considered accomplices.
Everyone in that cell
will be sent to solitary,
not just the one responsible,
and all their sentences
will be extended!
So if you don't want that to
happen, then turn in the perp!
Start with Building One!
-Right!
-Yes sir!
[Prisoner] Come on, man!
Tell you what, there's no way
I'm going to
solitary confinement.
Seriously, that will mean
even less time out of a cell.
My time in this
prison's almost up, too.
I'm not gonna get my
sentence extended.
[Kokuri] If I'm
sent to solitary,
it's definitely
gonna be over for me.
[Mitsuki] We'd better
do something quick.
[Boruto] Yeah, I think we
need to settle this soon
before things get worse.
All right, I'll cooperate.
(scoffs) Guess I have no choice.
You're going to go
question Tsukiyo?
Then I'm assigning a
guard to go with you.
There's no telling
what he's thinking
or just what he's
capable of doing.
Is he seriously that dangerous?
Normally, when we have members
of notorious organizations here,
especially like the Mujina Gang,
they're kept separate to
prevent collaboration.
If I'd known about
Kokuri, too, then...
You really couldn't help it.
Even Kokuri himself tried
very hard to make sure
that any ties he had
to the Mujina Gang
were kept a secret, after all.
That is true.
In any case, you must be on
your guard with that man.
Right.
[Arai] Kokuri, you
really didn't see
the face of the guy
who attacked you?
No.
I had my back to the doorway,
and it all happened so quickly.
-You either?
-Yeah.
I heard a noise and
ran to Kokuri's room,
and the doctor and
guards followed me,
but by the time we got
there, the attacker was gone.
(snickers) Oh,
man, what an idiot.
Everything was in place,
but he still wasn't
able to kill his target.
Kamata, are you the
one behind this?
What? No way!
I'm only saying I wouldn't have
messed up as bad as he did.
Anyway, we'd better hurry
before Benga and
the others get here.
[Kokuri] This is bad.
Hey, listen!
Don't forget that all of
this is only happening
because of you, buddy!
(yelps) Sorry!
And why exactly is this
Tsukiyo guy after you, anyway?
I mean, if he wants
you dead this bad,
you must've done
something terrible.
Uh, well...
I'd keep my mouth
shut, if I were you.
This guy's weak,
but he's conniving,
and he'll jump at anything
that might make him a profit.
If you let a secret slip,
who knows how he'll
end up using it.
What?
Huh? That's it, you're dead!
Then try it, if
you think you can.
You're all bark and no bite.
You can't fight at all, you
just bluff all the time.
He sure doesn't seem like he
could really be an assassin.
Nah.
Guys like him only get gutsy
when they already
have the advantage.
But even so, they'll
stab someone in the back
without even thinking.
(Kokuri gasps)
Hey man, you better
watch yourself.
Anyway, let's just check
out everyone's belongings.
The guards will be here soon.
You're right.
Do whatever you want.
And yours, too, Kedama.
Be careful with him.
He may look like he
doesn't really care,
but he's a coward
who'll betray you
when you least expect it.
Okay, got it.
All right, I'm going to
check out all the bunks now.
They're just about
the only place
where someone could hide things.
Fine. You can search mine
to your heart's content.
Now, hold on! Don't
be ridiculous!
You want me to let
you search my bunk?
What's your problem now?
Didn't you literally just say
we could do whatever we want?
Yeah, but I mean, this
is different, okay?
Honestly, there's just no way
that I'm I gonna let anybody
rifle through the
place where I sleep.
[Boruto] Come on! This
is what's ridiculous.
It's just gonna be a quick look!
No way, forget it!
Why are you so
against this idea?
You got something
hidden in that bed
you don't want us to see?
Why are you eyeing me, man?
With the way you're acting,
it just makes sense
to suspect you.
Oh yeah, you always go talk
to Haie the guard, don't you?
What's that?
That doesn't have anything
to do with this stuff.
I don't know, maybe it
does and maybe it doesn't.
I mean, you could be
contacting Tsukiyo
through Haie, couldn't you?
Hey! Quit all this grasping
at straws, you country thief!
What's that?
You heard me.
You bragged about
being the lone wolf
in that little
village you came from,
but you got arrested
nearly the instant
you went into a Great Nation.
Why you.
(chuckles) Oh, that's right.
I remember yesterday
during rec time
seeing you heading for the
medical ward, isn't that right?
I was watching you, you know.
You kept looking around
to see if anyone saw you.
(snickers) Did the country thief
who was pretending
to be a lone wolf
become Tsukiyo's lap dog?
That's enough. Now shut up!
So, what's the real story?
[Arai] I was just
going to the cafeteria.
The medical ward is past it
in the same
direction, that's all.
Can anyone back that up?
(snickers) No, of course not!
I mean, we're in Hozuki Castle.
There's not a single
person in this prison
that you can trust.
Which means we can't
trust what you say either,
isn't that right, Mr. Kamata?
Huh? Hey, knock it off!
Quit trying to trip me up!
(Kokuri gasps)
There's someone you can ask.
When you saw me, I
was going to meet
the supplier in the cafeteria.
By supplier, do
you mean the person
who will get you things as
long as you can pay them?
Yeah. You see, I
wanted something.
Oh, like what?
[Kamata] (scoffs) Don't
bother, just forget about him.
He's got nothing. He's just
lying to try to fool us.
[Arai] I'm not lying.
[Kamata] Yeah? Then tell
us the truth, already.
It was...
It was what?
(sighs) Chocolates.
It was chocolates.
[Group] Chocolates?
I've got a bad
sweet tooth, okay?
So once in a while, I ask him
to bring in chocolates for me.
See? Here's one of them.
An actual chocolate!
[Arai] You want some?
You mean it?
Those things could be
poisoned for all we know.
Huh?
Give me a break. There's
nothing bad in it.
Anyway, you can just ask
the supplier about it.
He can vouch for me and
prove that I'm innocent.
The supplier, huh?
I guess, in a way, he's
the person inside here
that we can trust the most.
But we'd still have
to prove what you say.
Why would you hide something
like chocolates, anyway?
It's kind of embarrassing
to love sweets so much.
I'm a grown-up and all.
Come on, why are you
putting up a front?
[Arai] Shut up!
(Boruto laughing)
They're close.
-Huh?
-(Kamata gasps)
Next cell!
Not good. Benga and the
guards will be here soon.
Yeah, we don't have
very much time left.
Well, I sure am lucky
to have such an upstanding
lady like you come to visit me.
Your name's Tsukiyo, right?
Second in command
of the Mujina Gang?
(chuckles) I'm quite honored
that a nice young lady like you
would know the name
of somebody like me.
So anyway, would you mind
telling me about yourself
and the Mujina Gang?
I would imagine that
in your position,
you wouldn't need to ask
me anything at this point.
Instead, I'd like it if
you told me about yourself.
For example, why
did you come here,
all the while just
pretending to be a reporter?
[Sarada] Who is this guy?
[Benga] Okay, next!
[Guards] Sir!
There's no time! Look, I
showed you where I sleep.
You're next!
No, there's no way
that I'm letting you
check through my bunk, okay?
Are you seriously
still stuck on that?
Don't you want all
this to be over quickly
so you can go and
enjoy your free time?
This and that are
completely different things!
I just don't get this at all.
You know, when you're up there,
it always looks like you're
up to something sneaky.
(gasps) It's, uh,
none of your business!
Something's shady about you.
I'm gonna take a
look at your bed.
Well, all right, then,
I'm gonna go check it out.
I wouldn't do that.
Huh?
That bunk belongs to Kedama.
Although it doesn't matter,
since we'll need to
check it as well.
Oh, is this yours? I'm sorry.
Don't touch my things.
Ow!
Hey, what are you doing?
I never said that I'd
cooperate with this.
Wait, what?
(momentous music)
But how?
That's the!
He's the assassin!
[Boruto] Kokuri, come here!
It seems that you haven't
changed, after all.
You're still nothing
but a coward.
At one time, he
commanded the respect
of all the other inmates
inside this prison.
He did?
Yeah. But actually, he was
working with the guards,
spying on the other prisoners.
He even ratted out a friend
who was trying to escape.
He's the worst kind of scum!
So you're the one, huh?
Guess you're not gonna bother
to ask me for my
side of the story.
'Course not. It isn't as
if we could trust you!
I understand that you
five can't trust me,
but I simply don't take
orders from anyone.
Of course, I don't
expect you to believe me.
Well, it's too soon to decide.
I believe we should
hear him out.
You're right.
Okay, go ahead, Kedama, tell
us what you were gonna say.
Come on! We can't listen
to a word he says!
Look, it's okay.
With the way that
things are right now,
he's not gonna be
able to deceive us.
I said no!
Hey, what's gotten into you?
It's just, you guys don't
know anything about him,
that's why you can say that.
But you can't be too
careful with him!
Ah, whatever. Just
hurry it up, would ya?
We're running out of time.
I say we turn him in to the
guards and be done with it.
Yeah, I'm gonna
call the guards in.
But I'm actually interested
in what he has to say too.
After all, it's possible
that he might very well know
something significant
about the Mujina Gang.
[Arai] The Mujina Gang?
Why would you want to
ask him about that?
You probably know a lot more.
Huh? Well, um...
Just a minute.
How would you know
that Kokuri would have
any knowledge of
the Mujina Gang?
Why? What's the big mystery?
I mean, he's a member
of the Mujina Gang, too.
Isn't it obvious?
That's just it,
nobody said anything
about Kokuri being a
member of the Mujina Gang.
Ah!
Seriously? He's part
of the Mujina Gang?
Kokuri has kept almost
everything about his past a
secret and yet, you knew
his true identity,
which means that you knew
everything about him before now.
(momentous music)
All right, what's
going on, Arai?
And in fact, you were the one
controlling the
conversation from the start.
Did you do that so you could
distract us from the truth?
No, that's not it!
Hold on a minute.
What about the wooden tag
that we found inside
Kedama's bedding?
Maybe when Arai pulled
his blanket down,
the wooden tag was
wrapped up inside it.
You know, actually, now
that you come to mention it,
he kept holding on to the
blanket after he grabbed it.
That's right.
And then he slipped the
wooden tag into Kedama's bunk
while we had our
attention elsewhere.
(dramatic music)
Arai, that's not true, right?
You're the one I need!
It does appear that you
thought all this through,
but you were too overconfident.
You let Tsukiyo control you
like some kind of puppet?
Now you've got some serious
punishment waiting for you.
Better be prepared.
[Mitsuki] So, it's
settled, right?
Hmm?
End the lock-down!
(alarm blaring)
Thank you.
Also, keep a close watch on
Tsukiyo in solitary confinement.
Don't be so smug, kid.
[Mitsuki] Thank you for earlier.
Why did you decide to
hear me out, anyway?
You looked hesitant,
and I just thought that there
was something behind that.
I see.
Imagine you, a member
of the Mujina Gang.
I guess that looks
really can be deceiving!
Oh, uh, no, I'm just...
Hey, so you got hidden
treasure or something?
No, nothing like that.
Come on! Don't keep it a secret.
-Hmm?
-(Kokuri chuckles)
Never mind. We should
be friends from now on.
If you find something
that might turn a profit,
let me in on it.
(bright music)
I read the report
that you sent to me.
Make sure this kind of
thing doesn't recur.
Sir!
And also-
[Mujo] What is it?
Well, do you happen
to know anything
about that Boruto
kid and Kokuri?
It appears that something
may be going on between them.
They must've been acquainted
back in the past or something.
I admit I'm not too keen
on prisoners becoming
close friends,
but at the same time, if you
push the prisoners too hard,
then they just might
end up retaliating.
Yes, but!
There are foul rumors
about you, too.
I'm sure you know this, but
try not to be suspicious
of the prisoners when
there's no reason to.
Sir!
Damn it. What the hell
is going on here, anyway?
I'm shocked Arai
was the assassin.
I guess looks really
can be deceiving.
Kokuri, too.
Despite how he seems, he ran off
with the gang's
money and hid it.
That's true.
Even after all this time,
there's still quite a few things
we don't know about him.
(closing theme music)
(intense music)
[Mitsuki] Hey Boruto,
Kokuri was a member
of the Mujina Gang.
I think he's still
hiding something.
[Boruto] Agreed.
I mean, we know he's
hidden the money
that he stole from the
gang, and pulled a robbery
that landed him here
in Hozuki Castle.
[Mitsuki] We should
just ask him flat out.
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations",
Kokuri's Secret.
Hey, Kokuri. Got a minute?
(closing theme music)